In this video we're going to add
a legend onto our layout and so
to do that make sure you're in
the Insert tab and we're going
to go into the map surrounds
section and click on the Legend
button.
Now we have the drawing tool to
be able to draw our legend onto
our layout and so go ahead and
draw it onto your page.
And now Arcgis Pro has
automatically added the elements
we have on our map into our
legend, so we can see our bio
monitoring points, we can see
the roads, the Ziama protected
area, and our land cover types.
So now just spend some time just
to resize your legend to get it
to how you want.
And now we're going to take a
look at how to change our legend
to get it to exactly our
preferences.
And so to do that, you need to
go into your contents pane and
we can see our legend underneath
the Layout tab in our contents
pane now.
So you can see the different
elements within the legend
underneath.
And you can toggle these on and
off here.
But let's take a look at our
legend properties.
So we're going to right click on
where it says Legend and go to
properties.
And this is going to bring up
this element pane here, where we
can change the properties of our
legend.
So there's different tabs along
the top, and within the first
tab that we're in, we've got the
Legend section here where we can
change the title of our legend.
So let's name it Biomonitoring
(Ziama; 2019).
And now we can see that's
changed the title of our legend.
So now we'll take a look at one
of the other tabs within the
element pane, the Display tab.
And this is where we can change
what the actual legend box looks
like.
So let's put a border on it.
We'll put a black border going
around it, and now you can see
that's updated on our layout
page.
So now we've seen how to change
the properties of our legend box
by right clicking on Legend in
our contents, choosing
Properties, and then it brings
up the element pane on the right
hand side.
We can also do that for any of
the specific elements within our
contents, because we've got the
element pane already up.
All we need to do is click on
the elements within the contents
and it brings up the properties
for each thing within our
legend.
And so there's lots of options
for getting your legend and the
legend items exactly how you
want, and so have a go yourself
now at adding a legend onto your
layout page.